hey everybody Joe here we're prepping to
endure today I just wanted to do kind of
a long-overdue review of a bag that I
recently picked up it's the Red Rock
outdoor skier rebel assault pack in
black and yellow I found it on eBay you
know I was looking for a new EDC bag
that I can use for work and stuff like
that it's a right now I'm just using a
JanSport red backpack you know just very
nondescript few pockets I've had it
since high school
you know I carry my lunch in it a
thermos you know a full sized thermos
for coffee
you know I'll carry my coffee cup and
all that in it so I figured I'd upgrade
to something a little more quote unquote
tactical you know so I won't tried to go
kind of middle-of-the-road price-wise
you know I didn't want to go with
something super cheap you know but I
didn't wanna go with something super
expensive because I really just don't
have the cash to put out right now for a
Maxpedition bag sorry purchased this
like I said it's the Red Rock rebel
assault pack you know in black and
yellow which I actually kind of thought
that was kind of cool um you know
Howie's at first I was psyched when I
first got it but when I received it it
act you know and going over the bag you
know it'll do it's not the super
high-end quality or anything like that
like it does as you can see it does have
you know a Velcro field you're roughly
six inches long but I'll let you put a
name patch or whatever it's not wide so
I don't think it would even hold any
sort of morale patch you know as far as
my organization up here would pretty
much be my diabetic supplies that I
would keep in here down here it's got
the no pals webbing MOLLE compatible the
only thing with it is its non-standard
the webbing is one-inch s but there's a
quarter inch gap between each one so any
of your straps connectors and stuff like
that this is actually off of a condor
double mag pouch that I hold multi-tool
and a flashlight ended I was hoping
actually attach to it but it doesn't the
the webbings don't drive up to actually
get a good thread in to attach it to the
pack you know so that was kind of one
downer that you know I came across
some of the stitching is a little off
you know I mean granted I don't know if
you can see right there some of the
stitching I actually just took a black
sharpie to kind of just take it out of
you know the eye because it looks kind
of you know poor quality workmanship you
know and then going further into the bag
you know you can see there's a pulled
stitch right there which is a part of
the main pocket looks like it's got a
pretty decent admin section you know the
fabrics not real hard it's it's
basically if I had to guess and I'm no
expert it's a nylon that you would
probably find in like one of your
Cabela's tote style poncho you know just
basically a step up above maybe umbrella
material you know but then again I guess
for the price I shouldn't complain too
much
now I said it's a sharp-looking bag you
know I can't knock that I do like the
color scheme just because it's a little
bit different it is a four compartment
bag one two it's got a center
compartment you know it's in the middle
well sorry you know and then it's got
like a web parking here it's a little
fire kit that I have I was just kind of
mocking it up to see you know how it
would fit in there it's got two nice
mesh pockets they would probably end up
just having for me anyway would probably
be like wet ones and then those packets
of like maybe Tylenol you know just
nothing hand sanitizer for work
you know for sometimes I do end up
having these porta-johns and they don't
always have the hand sanitizer in it and
you know pushes those places you know I
know where I've been but you know where
the person ahead of you has been you
know it's like I said the bags not
without problems or issues or you know
nitpicky issues you know like the fit
and finish of it is a middle of the road
I guess you know maybe I should have
spent a couple of more dollars and I
maybe got in the condor bag but else you
know just going around the bag
kind of but maybe irritates me the most
is you know just seeing some of the
stitching you know and the almost
incompatibility with some of the you
know the Molly stuff you know like this
side here on the sides of the bag that's
not even one inch wide and I can't even
get the strap into it you know just
because it's just a little too tight you
know so anybody that's looking for one
of these bags you know think about it
before you pull the trigger on it you
know the zippers aren't anything
spectacular I actually had in the back
compartment when I'm filming this on my
phone so please forgive me in the back
pocket let me see if I can get that
flipped open I mean I'm no giant or
whatever like that but I actually
crumbled I have it over here
that's the zipper for a little inside
pocket and there's the pieces of it you
know I was able to say let's see if I
can do it for you is there it is you see
it as one piece there you go two pieces
yeah I'm trying to do it left-handed you
know but that's just with my nail and I
mean the whole thing just kind of
shattered so you know anybody just
beware it's more so you know buyer
beware
you know I'm going to put it through its
paces I am going to carry a thermos in
it I'm going to carry the Lord Stanley
thermos in it you know my now gene
bottle and all that I usually just keep
my mints and stuff like that but it also
gives me a secondary container gloves
everything that I need for you know my
my work bag all right so uh that's kind
of my take on the Red Rock outdoor gear
rebel assault pack you know as always
you know hit that like button I really
appreciate it leave comments you know
I'll try to answer any questions that
anybody has to ask and as always you
know thanks for watching